docs: Add docs for battery/cpu analysis (#209)
lyft/envoy-mobile: docs/root/development/performance/battery_impact.rst

.. _dev_performance_battery:

Analysis of battery impact
==========================

> In order to identify how Envoy impacts an application, we have created a control application with modifications to our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to identify how Envoy Mobile impacts an application's resource usage, we have created a control application with modifications to our
```

> current hello world example applications. To see the actual applications we used, you can go to `iOS Envoy example <https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile/tree/ac/envoy-battery-cpu-branch/examples/swift/hello_world>`_,

Reviewer: You should be able to use `:repo:` here instead of full links

Author: Does this work for a branch/sha rather than master?

Reviewer: I believe so, it's defined here: https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile/blob/739ca686e17d2009940c754df15fb232c3494309/docs/conf.py#L72

Author: I think that takes in the sha of what the docs are built at. I can just add another method which handles referencing other branches/shas but how about we do that in another PR because we might want to talk about if we want that.

Reviewer: Ah, sounds good.

`Android control app <https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile/tree/ac/envoy-battery-cpu-branch/examples/kotlin/control>`_, `Android Envoy example <https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile/tree/ac/envoy-battery-cpu-branch/examples/kotlin/hello_world>`_.

> The current configurations we have are that we make a request every 200ms and disabled caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current configurations make network requests every 200ms and disable caching.
```

Reviewer: We should also probably fill in more details here regarding how Envoy is set up

Author: Do you mean that Envoy is a process currently and we are making requests to Envoy via a socket...etc?

I think we can move that more towards the specific platform descriptions because iOS and Android has specific nuances that impact how we are using Envoy today. 

What do you think?

Reviewer: Right, I primarily wanted to point out that these tests were performed while using native networking + Envoy rather than calling into Envoy directly. For example, these results will likely be different on iOS when we stop using `URLSession`. Can add in a separate PR though

Experimentation method
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

iOS
---

* TODO

Android
-------

Getting the build:
1. Build the library using ``bazel build android_dist --config=android``
2. Control: ``bazel mobile-install //examples/kotlin/control:hello_control_kt``
3. Envoy: ``bazel mobile-install //examples/kotlin/hello_world:hello_envoy_kt --fat_apk_cpu=armeabi-v7a``

Experiment steps:
1. Set a phone's display to sleep after 30minutes of inactivity
2. Unplug the phone from any power source

> 3. Open up an application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open up the demo app
```

4. Wait for the phone to sleep

> 5. Look at the battery drain from an application like `AccuBattery <https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.digibites.accubattery&hl=en_US>`_

Reviewer: Are there any gotchas for using this tool?

Author: Not done writing this up but I can continue writing more after we merge this unless you want to wait and/or use this PR for your findiings

Reviewer: Sounds good

Reviewer: Maybe make a note of the pieces still in progress in these docs though
